null ST110R2.1 (SaikouType) basic support with layouts (#21623)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/null/st110r2/readme.md

# null/st110r2

null ST110r2 is a custom PCB/keyboard project that supports multiple layouts and is built on top of the Filco and the clones alike.

![st110r2_zoom](https://s3.amazonaws.com/null-src/images/posts/nkbm-st110r2/NKBM-ST110r21-both1.png)

> ![st110r2_full](https://s3.amazonaws.com/null-src/images/posts/nkbm-st110r2/NKBM-ST110r21-both3.png)

Reviewer: Iedally, these should be hosted on a dedicated image hosting site (such as imgur), but I don't think that these should be an issue?

* Keyboard Maintainer: [user176176](https://github.com/user176176)
* Hardware Supported: [null] 最高タイプ (SaikouType) NKBM-ST110r2.x keyboard PCBs with Teensy 2.0++.
* Hardware Availability: [NKBM-ST110r2 - null-src.com](https://null-src.com/posts/nkbm-st110r2/post.php)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     qmk compile -kb null/st110r2 -km default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     qmk flash -kb null/st110r2 -km default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    make null/st110r2:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make null/st110r2:default:flash
```

Author: From the previous PR I understood that it's not required. This is much clearer.
